Your checked baggage allowance depends on your route and fare type.
If you're travelling to or from Africa, you can check in one or two 23kg bags in Economy Class and Premium Economy, or two 32kg bags in Business Class and First Class. Find the exact details of your baggage allowance for your upcoming trip by visiting Manage your booking, or by checking the baggage allowance printed on your ticket.
For more information on baggage policies please read our Checked bags page.
Different baggage rules may also apply on flights operated by other airlines.
Firearms, weapons and ammunition may be carried as checked baggage on Emirates flights under the following conditions:
You must be in possession of the original firearms license in your name and all original documents stating the appropriate clearances and permissions (if applicable) to export and/or import the firearms, weapons and ammunition.
The carriage of any type of firearm, weapon and ammunition must be approved by Emirates no less than three days before your flight. Please complete the firearms form (only available in English) in the Contact us section of our Help Centre to start the approval process. Please allow extra time for public holidays and weekends in your country of residence and the UAE.
The firearm must be completely unloaded and, if possible, dismantled and packed inside a suitcase or standard gun case.
Ammunition must be securely stored in a strong, sealed box packed inside a suitcase and surrounded by other contents. The suitcase must not bear an ‘Explosive’ label.
The maximum gross weight of the ammunition carried by any single customer is 5kg (11lb). Customers travelling in groups must carry ammunition in their own separate bags, with no single bag carrying more than the 5kg (11lb) limit.
All fireworks and any other items containing explosives (for example, Christmas crackers, firecrackers, bottle rockets, poppers and sparklers) are forbidden to be carried either as carry‑on baggage or as checked baggage on our flights.
The following special conditions apply to customers wishing to carry firearms on flights into or through Dubai:
Customers who wish to bring firearms and ammunition into the UAE must obtain prior clearance from UAE Customs and the UAE Ministry of Defence. To obtain this clearance, customers must contact these government departments directly.
For transfer and transit customers who are connecting to onward flights, prior clearance to travel with firearms and ammunition must be obtained from the Dubai Airport Police Department and the Department of Civil Aviation.
If you’re travelling to perform Haj or Umrah and your itinerary includes Medinah, you may pack up to five liters of Islamic Holy Water or Zamzam water in addition to your checked‑in baggage allowance. Just make sure to package the Zamzam water appropriately in a sealed container.
Please note that there are restrictions on carrying Zamzam water on flights from Jeddah at this time.
All those travelling to USA, Canada and the UK are required to switch on their electronic devices at the Dubai International or risk being denied access to fly. Please ensure that your electronic devices have sufficient power before reaching the airport. This is part of enhanced security measures required by the authorities of these countries.
All hand baggage is subject to screening. Screening will be done at relevant boarding gates, for flights departing to destinations in the US, UK and Canada.
Passengers who are unable to switch on their electronic devices risk being offloaded or being asked to leave behind such devices. There is no secure location to store these devices, and Emirates will be unable to bear responsibility for these items.
Animals are not permitted in the cabin of Emirates flights, with the exception of falcons between Dubai and certain destinations in Pakistan, and Guide Dogs for the visually impaired. Please see our information on Accessible travel.
All other animals must be transported according to regulations specific to your route:
For all itineraries ending in Dubai, animals must be transported as cargo.
For more information on shipping animals as cargo, please contact Emirates SkyCargo﻿ or your local cargo agent.
For itineraries that start in Dubai and travel to countries that allow animals to enter as “excess baggage” (i.e., not as manifested cargo), falcons, cats, dogs and pet birds can be transported as checked baggage in the hold as long as the total journey time (including any transit time) is less than 17 hours, and all appropriate conditions are met.
For all routes, the charge for the animal(s) and container will depend on the weight and size of the animal plus cage combined. These charges will apply in all cases, even when no other checked baggage is being carried.
Please take note of the following weight and size restrictions for animals travelling as checked baggage:
Animal excess baggage charges
Animal + cage	Price
When the animal and cage combined do not exceed 23kg and 59 inches / 150cm	USD 500
When the animal and cage combined weigh between 24 ‑ 32kg and dimensions between 59inches /150cm and 118inches / 300cm	USD 650
When the animal and cage combined weigh over 32kg and dimensions between 59inches /150cm and 118inches / 300cm	USD 800
When the cage dimensions exceed dimensions 118inces / 300cm.	Cargo
When travelling into Dubai	Cargo
If the total journey time exceeds 17 hours	Cargo
When destined for a country that DOES NOT allow live animal as check‑in baggage	Cargo
Please note that rates and document requirements and costs for transporting animals is different from the usual excess baggage requirements. Please visit Emirates SkyCargo.com or write to Emirates SkyCargo for more information.
Emirates is not responsible for transporting pets on itineraries that include other airlines. 
If your itinerary includes flights operated by other airlines, different baggage rules may apply for these flights. Learn more.
There are no restrictions on the number of pets you can carry on Emirates flights. However, please be aware that some countries do impose restrictions on the number of pets that can be carried into or out of the country. For example, the import of animals into India is restricted to two pets per customer. We advise you check your destination’s rules before travelling.
A maximum of two adult animals of comparable size weighing up to 14kg each may be shipped in the same container, providing they are used to cohabitation. Animals weighing over 14kg each must travel in separate containers.
Additional information for transporting animals with Emirates
Please book and pay for the transportation of animals as checked baggage before your departure date.
There are some restrictions as to which animals can be transported with Emirates.  All animals listed under CITES, including pets, must be transported as cargo.  Further restrictions, including import bans, apply to certain species of cats and dogs. Please contact your local Emirates office for more information on restricted species.
For their safety, live animals (including service dogs) that can be accepted as baggage per the rules above must be transported as cargo if the total journey time is more than 17 hours. Total journey time includes approximately 1 hour for airport check in before departure and 1 hour until delivery of the animal at the arrivals hall in the final destination. Animals transiting through Dubai must also be transported as cargo if the flight connection time is more than 6 hours. 
While connecting in Dubai, pets will be kept in an air‑conditioned room and customers, ground handlers and agents will not have access to them. Animals that need to be fed, provided with water or administered pills while being transported must be booked as cargo with a flight connecting time of not less than 6 hours.
Due to high heat and humidity in the UAE, no birds (except some falcons) can be accepted for transit via Dubai as checked baggage or cargo between 1 May and 30 September.
All animals accepted for transportation with Emirates must have a valid import permit issued by the destination country and a valid health certificate (including any applicable vaccination records).
Certain countries, however, restrict importation of animals as baggage. Please contact your local Emirates office for more information.
For animals travelling with Emirates, a 24‑hour emergency contact number and the optimum temperature requirement must always be shown on the animal’s travel container.
Emirates will not accept a pregnant animal for transportation if it is beyond one third (1/3) of its normal gestation period or has given birth within 48 hours of travel.
Dangerous Goods are articles or substances that may pose health and safety hazards to passengers or potentially damage the aircraft. They are also referred to as restricted articles, hazardous materials and dangerous cargo.
Transportation of such goods is regulated by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and the General Civil Aviation Authority of the United Arab Emirates. Goods falling under the category of Dangerous Goods are not allowed in passenger or crew‑checked baggage or cabin baggage, with some exceptions.
View the list of Dangerous Goods to learn what is permitted in luggage, and what you need to declare at the airport.
If you are unsure whether you may travel with dangerous goods, or need approval on certain goods, you should contact your local Emirates office for more information.
Powder
There are specific rules for carry‑on bags for those flying from or via Australia and New Zealand or from, via or to the USA. Powders over 350ml will be subject to additional screening.
This is in accordance with new security guidelines from the US Transport Security Administration (TSA), the Australian Government’s Department of Home Affairs and the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand.
Full information available in our Dangerous Goods Policy page .
Drones
For safety reasons we can’t allow drones on board as cabin baggage. Drones can only be accepted as checked‑in baggage. However, drones are not allowed on any flights to Jordan.
On all other flights, if you have a drone in your checked‑in baggage you’ll be asked to either secure the lithium batteries within the drone or remove the batteries and carry them in your cabin baggage. This regulation still applies even if you’re connecting to our flights from an airline that has accepted drones as cabin baggage.
Items containing explosives are not allowed on board
All fireworks and any other items containing explosives (for example Christmas crackers, firecrackers, bottle rockets, poppers and sparklers) are forbidden to be carried either as carry‑on baggage or as checked baggage on our flights.
Lithium batteries
Please note that ‑ in some countries, lithium batteries as found in laptops, mobile phones and other portable electronic devices, are now considered dangerous items, and may be banned from checked baggage.
Countries that enforce this rule currently include China.
All cabin baggage must be of a size that fits under the seat in front of each passenger or in one of the overhead lockers. The placement of bags, briefcases, or other items behind passengers' legs is not permitted, and it is essential that cabin baggage does not obstruct aisles or emergency exits, as this is forbidden by the Civil Aviation Authority.
Of equal importance is a limitation on weight, which helps minimize the risk of injury to passengers, should a bag fall from an overhead locker.
For safety reasons, it is Emirates policy not to carry any baggage on passenger seats. Only musical instruments, diplomatic bags and valuables may be carried in this manner.
Is baggage transferred when I’m on connecting Emirates flights?
If you’re connecting in Dubai between Emirates flights for less than 24 hours, your bags will be checked through to your final destination. Therefore, your bags will not be available to collect in transit, unless otherwise specified by our airport staff.
This includes tickets purchased on emirates.com, including using the advanced search option. If you wish to collect your bags in Dubai, please get in touch with us to make this type of booking or modify your existing booking.
Emirates strongly urges you to check the baggage rules of each airline you plan to travel with.
If your travel starts with another airline that connects on to an Emirates flight, please contact that airline for their policy on the through‑checking of baggage.
If your itinerary includes flights operated by other airlines, different baggage rules may apply for these flights. Learn more.
Depending on how their tickets were purchased and systems available at the airport, passengers travelling on Emirates and connecting to another airline may or may not have their baggage checked through for their flights. Please check with your local Emirates office.
Where the through‑checking of baggage is not available between Emirates and the other airline, please ensure that enough time is allowed between arrival at the airport, collection of baggage, clearance of immigration and customs, and check‑in for the onward flight, as well as any potential delays, in order avoid the inconvenience and costs of a missed flight.
Customers travelling to or from Brazil can check in two bags of up to 23kg each in Economy Class or Premium Economy. 
You can check your ticket to find out the baggage allowance for your specific flight.
For your safety, the General Department of Airport Security is required to inspect all checked baggage. During the screening process, some bags may be opened for further inspection.
To minimise baggage delays and inconvenience to passengers, Dubai International, the Dubai Airport Police and Emirates are implementing a new bag check process in which you no longer need to be present for the open‑bag inspection. Instead, the Dubai Airport Police will open and inspect the bags in the presence of an Emirates representative.
Should these additional inspections be required, your bag(s) will be opened and the contents searched for prohibited items only. Any prohibited item found in checked baggage will be confiscated. Please visit our Dangerous Goods page for a full list of prohibited items.
When the inspection process is complete, the contents are returned to your bag along with a letter from Dubai International explaining the reason the bag was opened. In some situations, customers may be requested to attend the bag inspection in person. For more information, please visit the Dubai International website.
‘Smart’ or ‘innovative’ baggage includes bags with motors, power banks, GPS, GSM, Bluetooth, RFID or Wi‑Fi technology. There are restrictions on carrying smart bags with lithium batteries as both cabin and checked baggage on all our flights.
For cabin baggage
Smart bags within the cabin size and weight allowance for your route are allowed in the cabin as long as the battery is removable. The battery can stay in the bag as longs as the bag is powered off completely. Please note that you can’t charge the bag on board.
For checked baggage
Smart bags are allowed as checked‑in baggage if the battery is removed and carried in the cabin, and the baggage is within the checked baggage size and weight allowances for your route.
Please be aware that smart bags with built‑in batteries that can’t be removed are banned both as cabin and checked in baggage.
You can visit our Dangerous Goods page for a full list of prohibited items.