Yes, you can make any changes to your booking on emirates.com through Manage your booking(opens in the same window). You can also keep your ticket and contact us when you’re ready travel again if your flight has been impacted by COVID‑19. See your ticket options(Opens in the same window).
We’re currently receiving a lot of calls, so to avoid long wait times, here are some other ways to contact us(Opens in the same window). You can also try calling us closer to your planned travel date.
You can make changes to your booking through Manage your booking. It’s important to note that you’ll find a Change my booking link if your booking is eligible for online changes. You might be charged for certain changes, depending on the fare conditions of your ticket.
If your booking is not eligible for online changes, you can contact your travel agent or our Contact Centers if you booked with us directly.
We’re currently receiving a lot of calls, so to avoid long wait times, here are some other ways to contact us(Opens in the same window). You can also try calling us closer to your planned travel date.
If you want to make changes to a rewards booking with a partner airline, please contact(Opens in the same window) the Emirates Skywards team.
Some fees and charges may apply to making changes to your booking, depending on the fare conditions of your ticket. If you make changes through Manage your booking (opens in the same window)on emirates.com, you’ll find which charges will apply for penalties or additional taxes. You’ll also need to pay the difference if the fare for the new itinerary you’re planning to book is higher than the fare you’ve already paid. You’ll need to pay for the charges and fare difference online to complete the changes to your ticket.
Yes, depending on the fare conditions of your ticket, you can make changes online through Manage your booking (opens in the same window)even if you’ve flown parts of your flight.
We’ve extended the validity of your ticket up to 36 months. Use it to fly later, or find out what else you can do if your travel has been affected by COVID‑19.
If you’re eligible for a refund (for example, because of unused taxes) following a change made on emirates.com(opens in the same window) , you’ll receive a credit note (EMD), sent to your email address. This credit note is valid for one year from the date it is issued (i.e. from the date you changed your booking).
This credit note can be used to pay for future travel on Emirates, or it can be refunded.
Please contact your local Emirates office(opens in the same window) to use this credit note for future travel on Emirates, or complete our refund form(opens in the same window) to receive a refund.
No, any changes you make online will apply to everyone in your booking. To change a flight for just one person, you will need to contact us or the travel agent who made your booking.
However, if you want to change seats, book a dietary meal or add services for individual passengers, you can do that through Manage your booking.
Yes, you can change bookings purchased with Skywards Miles or Emirates Business Rewards points online by visiting Manage your booking(opens in the same window) .
If you’ve booked our Chauffeur‑drive service for any of the flights you’ve changed, these bookings will be cancelled.
You’ll need to make new Chauffeur‑drive bookings for your new flight through Manage a booking(opens in the same window) , more than 12 hours in advance for the UAE, and 24 hours in advance for other cities.
If you’ve applied for a UAE visa on emirates.com, please ensure that the visa still applies for the new travel dates. If your visa has already been approved, it can be used for 60 days from the date of approval.
If you have previously selected a seat or meal for the sector you changed, these selections won’t be saved. Please make a selection for any new flights on Manage a Booking(opens in the same window) .
Yes, you can receive a full refund as long as it’s within the conditions of your fare. We’ll refund the card you used to purchase your ticket.
You can also just keep hold of your ticket and use it to fly later instead. We’ve extended the validity of our tickets and made them more flexible to help with your travel plans. Check your ticket options here.
If you still want to cancel, you can do that through Manage your booking, then complete our refund form. Check the conditions of your fare first, as some tickets are not refundable or there may be cancellation charges.
To get a refund on a ticket you haven’t used you can cancel the ticket on Manage your booking and complete our refund form. Depending on the conditions of your fare, we’ll refund the card you used to purchase your ticket.
You could also just keep hold of your ticket and use it to fly later instead. We’ve extended the validity of our tickets and made them more flexible, so you may not have to cancel. Check your ticket options here.
If you want to continue with the refund, check the conditions of your fare. Some tickets are not refundable once you’ve started your trip, there may be a cancellation charge, or just a portion of the fare can be refunded.
To get a refund on a ticket you haven’t used you can cancel the ticket on Manage your booking and complete our refund form. Depending on the conditions of your fare, we’ll refund the card you used to purchase your ticket.
You could also just keep hold of your ticket and use it to fly later instead. We’ve extended the validity of our tickets and made them more flexible, so you may not have to cancel. Check your ticket options here.
If you want to continue with the refund, check the conditions of your fare. Some tickets are not refundable once you’ve started your trip, there may be a cancellation charge, or just a portion of the fare can be refunded.
In light of Health concerns globally, please refer to this page(opens in the same window)  for information regarding cancellation, changes and refunds.
All air tickets have fare conditions attached to them which determine the price of that ticket. The most common conditions to be aware of are those governing whether a ticket is refundable and whether additional charges will be imposed in the event that your travel plans change.
Different fares will have different conditions, and a ticket that allows you to change the dates of your travel without charge – or to receive a full refund if you cancel your travel plans – will be more expensive, but useful if you think your travel plans might change.
Be sure to ask your reservations agent about the fare conditions associated with the flights you are considering. If you are booking online, simply click ‘Fare conditions’ to view the rules relating to any given flight before adding it to your itinerary.
All flight tickets have fare conditions attached to them, which determine the price of the ticket. These are rules like whether a ticket is fully refundable or if there are additional charges to make changes.
Different fares will have different conditions. Make sure you click on ‘Fare conditions’ before you book, or ask your travel agent.
We’ve made our fare conditions more flexible to help you with your travel plans. Check your ticket options here.
A travel voucher represents the value you paid for your ticket and can be used towards future purchases with us.
We’re no longer offering vouchers for travel affected by COVID‑19. However you still have the option to keep your ticket and use it at any time over the next 24 months. Find out more about your ticket options here(opens in the same window) .
If you have already been issued with a travel voucher, you can use it at any time over the next 12 months from the date it was issued.
Travel vouchers are valid for one year from date of issue and can be used for any Emirates flight or service
If you’re unable to use the full value in that time, you can extend the validity for another 12 months
You can use the travel voucher throughout the year for multiple transactions up to its full value
Travel vouchers are issued by passenger and are non transferable
You can spend them on yourself, or on your friends and family